Title: Life-Log: January 1, 2016
Date: 2016-01-01 22:00
Modified: 2016-01-05 11:00
Category: Life Log
Tags: life, journal, diary, january, first day, church, fast, family, pastor
Slug: 01.01.2016
Summary: Life log of Friday, January 1, 2016




The year 2016 kicked off on a rather normal note. Last night, a few hours before 12AM, we (me and my aunt's family) were at the church. Church service lasted till just after new year -- about 12.20AM


We got home and I broke my day-long food break (no pun intended). I had some malt (Amstel Malta) -- I didn't get one to buy at the time we left church. I would later refuse to take any of the fizzy drinks offered during lunch because of this; plus I felt (for sentimental reasons) that my aunt might not have been pleased I took one of the malt drinks (there were four cans, and I had one of them) in the refrigerator -- and milk (Hollandia Milk, sold for 130 naira). We had prayers, and then it was the next meal round for me. I had some _garri_ and chicken, which of course, my aunt handed me.

This morning, getting up at about 6AM, we kick started the day. We were to attend church is the practice at my aunt's church. I have partaken in that, the last two years. So I went on to wash the two cars -- my aunts' and her husbands'. We left the house after 9 O'Clock, and when we arrived at the church, it was already 10AM.

This first-day-of-the-year program is usually geared towards the announcement of a new __anchor__ -- something we chant in faith, at the end of every church service, all year round. Amongst other things, the anchor's declaration is usually preceded by about three prophecies. And so it was today. The announcement came in the third: __"O God: Thou art my HELP, and my DELIVERER"__; a declaration drawn out of Psalm 70 vs 5.

With the rest of the family, I left the church after 4PM, after having stayed in traffic for about an hour. We had left Folabi and Dapo -- two of my cousins -- at the church. They would much later, much to their surprise, find their way home themselves.

At home, I got a call from my pastor -- Pastor Odusina -- to check up on his phone, and help fix an issue. Alas, the issue was that his newly installed Skype app wasn't connecting to the internet, and was displaying an "offline" status. When, I got there, it just worked without me touching it.

Next was his wife.

I recently helped purchase a new smartphone for my pastor's wife, and offered to help diagnose her laggy old phone.

These were the activities that took up most of my evening, even until just before now (current system time: 21.54) that I'm writing this.

I am hoping to hack some code tonight, but there is no power supply at the moment; this battery'll only last a while.

As part of my plans for 2016, I hope to read a paper a day as a way to become ever more read and deepen my insight in my autodidactic journey. I haven't read any today, but I found some [very awesome resource on Github](https://github.com/papers-we-love/papers-we-love), a curation of computer science based academic papers.

I am crowdsourcing for paper suggestions. You can contribute your to-read paper/essay suggestions in the comments. I also have [this question on Quora](https://www.quora.com/What-is-a-recommended-list-of-essays-papers-to-read-one-per-day-in-2016-for-an-autodidact-who-wants-to-widen-his-horizon-but-focus-on-Soft-Engr?share=1) where you may also post your answers.

Speaking of Quora, I found [this really interesting profile](https://www.quora.com/profile/Obinna-Okechukwu) on Quora minutes after returning from the new year cross-over church service. He has a [Quora-hosted blog](https://tcsnotes.quora.com/), where he reviews or puts details of Computer Science papers.

And there was [this other guy](https://www.quora.com/profile/James-L-Moyer?share=1) -- creator of [AutodidactLife](http://www.TheAutodidactLife.com) -- who encouraged me to read transcripts of TED talks. His answers on Quora show that he has some insightful knowledge on autodidactism.

More personally, I didn't speak with my mum today -- something I find rather strange, but I did call my grandma and sister. My sister, Tobi, is with a cousin (Aunt Ladun) for the new year.

