Title: Life-Log: January 3, 2016
Date: 2016-01-05 06:30
Modified: 2016-01-05 11:00
Category: Life Log
Tags: life, journal, diary, january, church, pastor
Slug: 03.01.2016
Summary: Life log of Sunday, January 3, 2016



I didn't read the bible this morning, but the family had a morning devotion as usual. My sleep was a rather short one, spanning about three hours.

After the devotion, I got ready for church service. I got to the church at exactly 9AM.

I wasn't called up to interpret during the service, in fact, no youth was. The interpretion was done by one of the elders, Elder Ogunkomaya. I would think this had to do with the service being the first Sunday service for the year.

Being the first Sunday of the year, one would expect some sort of thanksgiving service. That it was, but only slightly. I guess the full package isn't until the first Sunday in February.

There were two prophecies, and one of them mentioned that, the service need not be rushed. This is worthy of note because, prior to both prophecies, the pastor had asked the prophets to keep their prophecies short.

The sermon was tagged "Unselfish Desires ...". While I particularly liked this topic, I wasn't very pleased with some of the prayer points that followed. In my opinion, it was a case of "why ...an already ..." as they seemed rather contradictory to the theme of the sermon.

<br />

In the afternoon, I had a much needed siesta -- something I'm very grateful for. I slept off while listening to a [third TED talk](https://www.ted.com/talks/helen_fisher_tells_us_why_we_love_cheat?language=en) of the afternoon. I really enjoyed [one of the talks](http://www.ted.com/talks/barry_schwartz_on_the_paradox_of_choice?language=en)<sup>__[1]__</sup>, that talked about "choice". I found the talk interesting because I could easily agree with the speaker's postulations. During his presentation, the speaker, Barry Schwartz said,

<br/>
> "The secret to happiness -- this is what you all came for -- the secret to happiness is low expectations."

<br/>

I was woken from my sleep afterwards by my pastor's son, Tosin. He had been sent to fetch me. My pastor's wife and children had to travel the following morning, so needed some gas in their car for the trip. For this I drove out to get some petrol.

However, just before I could drive out, an incidence caused some delay. His son had carelessly locked the car key in the vehicle; alas, there were no spare keys. So this became the hurdle we had to face for the next 30-45 minutes. What's more: he had ignited the vehicle just before locking it in, so the car was running the whole time.

Eventually, with the help of a few folks -- good thing to be a _good pastor_; lots of folks came around to help very quickly -- we got a metal bar into the door and removed the lock.

Over two hours later, I got the fuel, but not while I drove around searching. I had returned in disappointment and parked the car. In our little gas-haunting adventure, we had failed to obtain that which we sought for owing to general scarcity. In fact, on three occasions, we were told that the fuel in the station's supply was exhausted when it was only a couple of cars to our turn.

In eventual frustration, I managed to get the car back home with the little fuel left in it. Afterwards, I left with my gallon in a commercial tricycle headed in a different direction as the one I had previously traveled in. Surprisingly, I met a newly opened petrol station only a minute or two into the journey. They were eagerly distributing the scarce commodity to their new customers; I too joined the party.

<br />

On a different note, my sister returned home from my cousins' a few minutes before I got back home. She came back with a diary and calender for me, which I very much appreciate. What I need to complete that set is a wrist-watch in a bid to be well organised in 2016.

<br />
#__ __


#####[1] The TED Talks
+ [The paradox of choice](http://www.ted.com/talks/barry_schwartz_on_the_paradox_of_choice?language=en) - By Barry Schwartz
+ [The psychology of time](https://www.ted.com/talks/philip_zimbardo_prescribes_a_healthy_take_on_time?language=en) - By Philip Zimbardo
+ [Why we love; why we cheat](https://www.ted.com/talks/helen_fisher_tells_us_why_we_love_cheat?language=en) - By Helen Fisher
